CoDICE: update TODOs and docs (#2141)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap_processing: docs/source/code-documentation/codice.rst

This is the CoDICE (Compact Dual Ion Composition Experiment) Instrument module,
which contains the code for processing data from the CoDICE instrument.

The processing code to decommutate the CCSDS packets (L0) and create L1a, L1b,

> and L2 data products can be found below:

Reviewer: Maybe be agnostic to levels?
```suggestion
The processing code to decommutate the CCSDS packets (L0) and create higher level data products can be found below:
```
